Makwa Documentation (#4)
animikii/makwa: README.md

> 

Reviewer: Note for Jo: Please flesh out the intro paragraph

And then execute:

```shell
$ bundle install
```

Or install it yourself as:

```shell
$ gem install makwa
```

> Makwa extends on the Active Interactions gem, if you do not have this installed, you can add it to your Gemfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Makwa extends the Active Interactions gem and will install it automatically.
```

> 

Reviewer: Manual inclusion/installation of active_interaction is not necessary, can be removed.

```ruby
gem 'active_interaction', '~> 4.1'
```

or install it manually

```shell
$ gem install active_interaction --version '~> 4.1' 
```

## Usage

### Here is an example of an Interaction and a Controller which invoked the Interaction

```ruby

> class Create < ApplicationInteraction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
module Users
  class Create < ApplicationInteraction
```

  
  # Input filters
  string :email
  string :name
  string :password
  
  # ActiveModel validations
  validates :email, presence: true
  validates :name, presence: true
  validates :password, presence: true, length: { minimum: 6 }
  
  # @return [User]
  def execute

> 	user = User.new(inputs)

Reviewer: Let's use space characters for indentation, not tab chars

> 	errors.merge!(user.errors) unless user.update(inputs.except(:user))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	errors.merge!(user.errors) unless user.save
```

	halt_if_errors!
	user.update(inputs.except(:user))
	user
  end
  
end
```

The interaction file is located at app/interactions/public/users/create.rb. Our documentation contains good tips for naming conventions.

We first specify the input filters. They will check for the presence and correct type of each input argument. They can do type casting if needed, and provide default values. Here we expect three string arguments for email, name, and password.

Next you see input data validations using standard ActiveModel validations. These will be applied to the input arguments. Execution will stop if there are any validation errors. Finally we have the execute method where we implement the behavior. This method is called only if all inputs are present and valid. In the execute method we have access to the errors collection. 

We halt execution if there are any errors. Only if everything has worked as expected so far, do we cause the additional side effects of sending emails, etc. 

Only then do we return the newly created user.

```ruby

> module Public

Reviewer 2: Jenn's RubyMine shortcut: `cmd`+`A` to select all, then `cmd`+`option`+`l` to auto-fix the spacing in the whole file

	class UsersController < BaseController
		
		def create
			outcome = Public::Users::Create.run(oarams[:user].to_unsafe_hash)
			if outcome.errors_empty?
				redirect_to dashboard_path, notice: "Welcome to our app!"
			else
				@user = outcome
				render(:new)
			end
		end
		
	end
end
```

This is how we invoke the Interaction from the controller:

We call it with the user params. Notice that we’re not using StrongParameters. The interaction knows which arguments are allowed and will validate them in a much more powerful way than StrongParameters can do. 

We assign the return value to `outcome` and check if it has no errors. If there are errors we re-render the signup form and use the interaction itself as the form object. The interaction has public getters for all input arguments, and it implements the ActiveModel errors interface, so form errors will be displayed as expected. 

We can reuse the interaction code by invoking the same interaction from the Hootsuite API users controller.

Further documentation can be found in [docs](doc/guides/01-why_interactions_tldr.md)

> 

Reviewer: Let's add a sentence about the examples with a link to that folder.
